Reworked EventHubs Stress test to export information to OpenTelemetry (#5370)
Azure/azure-sdk-for-cpp: sdk/eventhubs/azure-messaging-eventhubs/test/eventhubs-stress-test/README.md

To use another image you will need to go to line 12 in deploy job and update with your new file. 

> Once the deploy succeeds run " kubectl logs -n azuresdkforcpp -f eventhubs-stress-test" to grab the logs in real time .

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After deployment succeeds, run " kubectl logs -n azuresdkforcpp -f eventhubs-stress-test" to grab the logs in real time .
```
